okay we're moving on to the retry area
here I got a pair of rebar 17 hours will
hold them to an 828 town 18 pound plane
will be installing leaks here I've
already did the work inside here I got
the tank installed push bar there some
mountains are pretty much has got to do
is just run everything through the wings
and set the front landing gear hopefully
I can do it pretty quick to where I can
get a little taxing in today I'm really
excited to see how it moves and
everything it's been a hell of a project
from almost done now as you can see here
I'm dribbling out what a front landing
here is going to be as you can see I'm
just dribbling so i can get the
guideline here so far so good looks like
i'm a beer the pillow side off
we open it up
because you can see a guy on wood there
this is basically the track line here
what our etrex want to sit
looks like my line as you can see i'm on
a pretty good line here what a retracted
on sit
pull it
see here just finished with the taxi it
feels very powerful I got a few little
things to finish up here so the maiden
flights will be coming soon I haven't
really actually hooked up to hair week
tracks I haven't got six cell batteries
i won along with six sales specifically
even though the five cell 3,300 thunder
power batteries they feel really proud
that this plant is not going to have no
problem taking off like a killer that's
pretty much it so look for the maiden
flight soon it was an easy build and I
love twinjet hit George that nitro
planes dot-com
you